The GRAPH unit implementation that is already in Freepascal is inadequate,
and there are no plans to improve it, as for the most part it is largely
unused.  Some of the major shortcomings of this version of GRAPH include:
A) on Windows, the input console is separate from the output graphic
console, and B) on Linux it is implemented using svgalib which requires it
to be run as root (direct access to the screen)!  A is bad, B is worse.

However another powerful graphics package (SDL) has been ported to
Freepascal, and after taking a look, I decided that an interface to allow
GRAPH unit syntax could be placed on top of this.  The purpose of this is
not to promote the old GRAPH unit for new projects, but to allow older
projects written on Turbo Pascal using the GRAPH unit to become more
available on current operating systems without having to rewrite the GRAPH
portions.

The sdlgraph project will be written using Freepascal and SDL4Freepascal,
and will work towards implementing the GRAPH unit.  I have already gone
through some preliminary steps of examining the defined specs of the GRAPH
unit as it should be implemented in Freepascal, however there is still
some planning to be done.


I have had an interest in creating an sdlgraph unit for a while, and have
been planning for a few months.  I didn't really know that there was other
talk about this, although I suspected it.  So today, I looked around and
saw some interest, and this listed as a project.

I am starting this project.  Whether or not it will be good enough to be
included in the official fpc is yet to be seen.  But I just wanted to
announce that I will be working on a graph unit implementation using sdl.
Any comments are welcome.


